2018 November Planning Session Notes, Update Lead Roles (#107)
tomeshnet/documents: meeting_notes/20181122_planning-meeting-notes.md

1. Tools: HeavyMetal (new)
2. Central Org: dasanchez (stays)
3. Deployment: Pedro: (stays)
4. Website: Garry (stays)
5. Outreach: benhylau with Tim and Hank supporting
6. Monitor for coc@tomesh.net and Code of Conduct: Hank & benhylau
7. Monitor for hello@tomesh.net: Hank

- New rule: **People signing up for lead roles should have been around for at least one cycle**.
- Add a set of tasks and responsibilities that each role entails -> dasanchez will do this
- Bi-weekly Mesh sync started this month

## Mission Statement Review

By unanimous decision, this is the new Toronto Mesh mission statement:

**Help communities create better networks that rely on open source and peer-to-peer technologies, while promoting digital literacy and personal privacy.**

## Project Roadmap Planning

Workshops

- Hardware inventory
  - look into storage options
  - Issue: https://github.com/tomeshnet/p2p-internet-workshop/issues/56
  - PR: https://github.com/tomeshnet/documents/pull/99
- benhylau can run a session on how to facilitate workshops in December

Node / tech development

- Adding SSB (patchfoo) to the prototype stack
- See v0.4 roadmap: Yggdrasil + Install Profiles in prototype

> - Contact at Alpha Networks if anyone's interested in buying from them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contact at [Alfa Network](https://www.alfa.com.tw) if anyone's interested in buying from them
```
